charter: update TC membership guidelines to ensure diverse representation (#376)
expressjs/discussions: docs/CHARTER.md

Members who do not participate consistently at the level of a majority
of the other members are expected to resign.

> TC memberships are not time-limited. The TC is limited to a maximum of 10 members.
> 
> In order to ensure adequate representation of the interests of diverse stakeholders,
> no more than one-third of the TC membership may be affiliated with the same
> company/entity. If a change in TC membership or a change of affiliation by a TC member
> creates a situation where more than one-third of the TC membership
> are affiliated with the same company/entity, then the situation must be immediately
> remedied by the removal of member status from one or more TC members affiliated with
> the over-represented company.

Reviewer: This is a great change, but just some minor tweaks to make this policy more common scenarios.

- Community Recognition Programs: Titles like Google Developer Expert (GDE) or Microsoft MVP are honorary and do not establish a formal relationship of influence between the individual and the sponsoring organization.
- Community Collaboration: Participation in open source projects, technical working groups, or event organizing teams is a normal part of community leadership and does not equate to company affiliation.
- Freelancers and Consultants: Many independent contributors serve a variety of clients without being under the significant influence of any one organization. Unless a freelancer has a formal, ongoing governance or decision-making relationship with a client, they are not considered affiliated for the purposes of this policy.

```suggestion
TC memberships are not time-limited. The Technical Committee (TC) shall consist of no more than ten (10) members at any given time.

To ensure balanced representation of diverse stakeholder interests, no more than one-third of TC members may be affiliated with the same company or entity.

Affiliation refers to formal employment, contractual engagement, or governance roles that imply a company or entity may exert significant influence over a member’s decision-making within the TC.

Participation in community recognition programs (such as Google Developer Experts or Microsoft MVPs), open source projects, or volunteer-driven events (e.g., conference organizing teams) does not in itself constitute affiliation for this purpose.

If changes in TC membership or member affiliations result in a violation of the one-third rule, the situation must be promptly remedied by removing one or more members affiliated with the over-represented entity until compliance is restored.
```
